## Preview 01/22/2020
In this preview you will be able to hear my current progress with outsourced assets. My goal for this preview was to create the ambiance of an old western bar. To do this, I downloaded all of my needed assets from freesound.org. The sound files I used for this ambiance are: desert atmosphere, bar crowd, pool balls, and Kevin MacLeod's "Breatime." In order to capture the proper atmosphere of the time and of the place, I had to try my best to mix the audio as subtly as possible. I started with the desert ambiance and turned the gain of that track way down, since the bar is inside. I then added the crowd sound effect, which I also turned down until it comfortably felt like background chatter. I then removed any parts that stood out too much, and then spliced multiple repeats of the track together to fit the length of the scene. I finally added pool balls being hit at random intervals to really solidify the atmosphere and break up the boringness of the background. I spent a lot of time getting the volume and looping of tracks just right so that nothing stood out to the listener to bring them out of the scene. The result, I believe, is a convincing lively bar atmosphere in a wild western town. In the future, I plan to bring a foreground narrative to this scene. I plan on making this scene a cowboy sitting by himself at this bar reloading his revolver, when suddenly an outlaw bursts into the bar and challenges the cowboy to a duel. They then step outside of the bar, take their ten steps, and fire. This will of course require more outsourced assets for the gun sounds, but I plan on being able to record more of my own sound effects for this section. I will also try to mix down the current preview even more so that the environment is as real as I feel I can possibly make it.
