# Readme
## 2/02/2020
This is the final draft of my western style soundscape. All of the same ideas from my previous update still apply, but after reviewing with my peers, I thought it would be best to add dialogue in order to clear up the narrative being told. To accomplish this, I voiced an opening narrator with a southern drawl that lays out the time and place of where this soundscape takes place, and I give a short summary with a hook to get the listeners engaged. I also had my friend voice the outlaw so it is more clear to the listeners why the scene change took place. I feel that even though these are minor changes, they make the story much more clear to the audience, and set more of a realistic scene than a sheriff fighting a mute outlaw. I also felt the need to specify that the 'cowboy/vigilante' character is the town's sheriff, so this way it gives a much more heavy consequence to the town that moments ago was enjoying eachother's company in the saloon. On top of this, I added a transcript for my soundscape. Transcripts make content much more accessible to people, whether they are disabled, or they are simply unable to listen to audio at the moment. It also makes it so that the work is able to reach a much wider audience, since transcripts can be easily shared over many mediums and languages.
## 1/28/2020
I now finished my first draft of my western style soundscape. The purpose of this soundscape is to put the listener(s) into the feeling of a western style film with a bit of a twist. I thought to capture the most cliche scene possible in western films to achieve this, thus I decided to create the classic scene of a cowboy relaxing at a bar and getting interrupted by an outlaw challenging him. The first scene takes places in the bar, with a fun bar atmosphere. I achieved this by overlaying sounds of people chatting, playing pool, and dancing to player-piano music. The cowboy sits down, lights up his cigarette, and reloads his revolver. When he is finally able to relax and take a sip of his beer, the door is suddenly kicked in by the outlaw, ruining all the fun built up throughout the scene. Silently, both parties know what they must do.

To make this scene realistic, all the background effects of pool, piano music, and the crowd are played at different volumes in different parts of the headphones. This gives the feeling of depth and space around the listener, putting them in the scene itself. It's also apparant that these sounds are the background, since the introduction of the cowboy brings loud, binaural actions into the scene that break up the background noise. To keep it in the perspective of the cowboy, the outlaw bursting in is also quieter and off to the side. To bring the atmosphere to a halt, I fade out all the background noise right after the cowboy kicks in the door. This way the sounds don't stop too abruptly to sound fake, but abrupt enough to give a sense of tension.

I then make a hard cut with the audio to signify a scene change. The desert wind is blowing, and the cowboy takes sandy footsteps to his position. He takes a final draw from his cigarette, and begins his ten paces. At the climax, you can hear both his and the outlaw's gunshots ring out. A final gunshot is heard, causing the cowboy to scream out in pain and collapse to the dirt. Somber western style music fades in over this sick twist of fate, overlayed with the maniacal laughter of the outlaw. Finally, the only sound left is the cold desert wind, which fades to nothing.

I chose to start fading the music in right before the climax to signify that something big is about to take place, and once the listener realises the twist in the story, the music "drops," fading in the tragic harmonica music with the outlaw's maniacal laughter. I also chose to fade the music out to only the desert ambiance to leave the audience with what the town and the cowboy have left: nothing. The slow fade away to the desert wind leaves a somber and dramatic tone to finish off this story.
## Cool ideas:
* A Western "Film"
* Skiing
  * Getting injured/avalanche
  * Terrain Park
